## ICOS Heatmaps
An application to fetch and plot raw data from the ICOS Carbon Portal as 
submitted by the measurement stations of the Ecosystem and Atmosphere domains.

## How to run
- Install the needed dependencies using `pip install -r requirements.txt`
- Customize your settings by filling in the details in `settings.yml`. Refer to
the `settings_example.yml` or [here](#settings) file for guidance.
- Run `python3 runner.py`.
- Find generated plots and data in the custom output path specified in the 
application's settings. 

## Settings
- domain: The value of this setting can be one of these: ["atc", "etc"].
- using_cache: A boolean value that controls whether the downloaded raw data
will be stored (cached) to a custom path.
- cache_path: The location where the cached data will be stored.
- start: A datetime string to slice the raw data from.
- end: A datetime string to slice the raw data to.
- group: The value of this setting controls the binning of the raw data. It can
be set to "M" for monthly bins or "W" for weekly bins.
- title_period: A string value that controls the time period in the title of 
the `.png` plot.
- side_title_period: A string value that controls the time period in the side 
title of the `.png` plot.
- file_name_period: A string value that controls the time period in the names
of the `.png` and `.csv` files.
- output_dir: The location where the generated files will be saved.
- version_output: A boolean value that controls the directory name within the
output_dir. If this value is set to false every file generated by this
application will be saved in the output_dir directory. If set to true, the
application creates subdirectories within the output_dir directory using 
timestamps as names and places the generated files of each run in their 
respective subdirectory.
